Hey, everyone, before we dig too deep into this stripe integration, I wanted to give us a small overview
of something we've already seen, which is the way that our architecture works, because I want to give
us the lay of the land before we get to deepen.
So over here, we have our phone.
And in this box, we have the architecture of our application being that we have a navigation instance
that bootstraps and visualizes the future for us.
We have styled system over here that helps us visualize the features and our riak context that talks
to a service folder.
And in that service folder we have all these files.
That's main purpose is to go and talk to external providers, external providers being any number of
services or servers that can provide us data.
Now, for this stripe integration, we will be building an external service the same way that we did
for the Google bonus section, and we will be utilizing a firebase function over here in order to feed
our service with the appropriate end points that it needs to talk to and points being places where we
can send request to.
And the reason that we're going to be building that in a firebase function is for security sake.
We want to build this with first principles in mind, being that we want to isolate the entry point
to our payment provider.
And the best way to do that is to build it as an external service.
And the reason that we're utilizing firebase functions is because they allow us to build and deploy
servers quite easily.
Now, same with the bonus Google integration.
If you cannot buy a paid firebase plan, you can still run this locally, but be aware that you cannot
deploy it and use your app in a production like setting because you are not deploying the function.
Now, over here in our service there, we will be talking to these endpoints, subsequently feeding
the request and the responses back into the real context, back into the features, into the visualization,
thus creating a checkout flow for us and understanding this flow and understanding the way that we handle
the overall infrastructure and architecture of our features helps us better prepare ourselves for the
implementation path.
And so now that we know that and now that we know that this is extremely similar to what we've done
on the bonus Google side, what we can do now is go ahead and see, OK, what is our stripe integration
going to look like?
What do we need to set up ahead of time?
And where do we go from there?